# Writing-Neural-Networks-Language-processing
# This project is part of UNSW ZZEN9444 course

# Instructions
For this assignment, you will be writing a Pytorch program that learns to read business reviews in text format and predict a rating (positive or negative) associated with each review, as well as a business category (0=Restaurants, 1=Shopping, 2=Home Services, 3=Health & Medical, 4=Automotive). You will also write a brief report in which you outline how your program works and explain your design decisions. This project covers skills and topics from Weeks 1-4.

In your written report, briefly discuss:

How you selected your architecture, algorithms, and enhancements.
How you chose your cost function and optimiser.
How you determined the dimensionality of the word vectors, metaparameter values, and any data preprocessing that you did or did not use. 
How you employed the validation set, and any additional steps to avoid overfitting not otherwise discussed.
Your task is to complete the file student.py in such a way that it can be run in conjunction with a3main.py by typing:

python3 a3main.py

You must NOT modify a3main.py in any way. You should ONLY modify student.py (If you wish, you can modify config.py in order to switch between CPU and GPU usage). The provided file a3main.py handles the following:

Loading the data from train.json
Splitting the data into training and validation sets (in the ratio specified by trainValSplit)
Data Processing: strings are converted to lower case, and lengths of the reviews are calculated and added to the dataset (this allows for dynamic padding). You can optionally add your own preprocessing, postprocessing and stop_words (Note that none of this is necessarily required, but it is possible).
Vectorization, using torchtext GloVe vectors 6B.
Batching, using the BucketIterator() provided by torchtext so as to batch together reviews of similar length. This is not necessary for accuracy but will speed up training since the total sequence length can be reduced for some batches.
You should aim to keep your code backend-agnostic in the sense that it can run on either a CPU or GPU. This is generally achieved using the .to(device) function. If you do not have access to a GPU, you should at least ensure that your code runs correctly on a CPU.

Please take some time to read through a3main.py and understand what it does.

# Constraints
We have tried to structure a3main.py so as to allow as much flexibility as possible in the design of your student.py code. You are free to create additional variables, functions, classes, etc., so long as your code runs correctly with a3main.py unmodified, and you are only using the approved packages. You must adhere to these constraints:

Your model must be defined in a class named network.
The savedModel.pth file you submit must be generated by the student.py file you submit.
Your submission (including savedModel.pth) must be under 50MB and you cannot load any external assets in the network class.
While you may train on a GPU, you must ensure your model is able to be evaluated on a CPU.
You are restricted to using GloVe vectors 6B, but you are free to specify the value of dim (50, 100, 200 or 300). The GloVe vectors are stored (automatically) in a subdirectory called .vector_cache
